Split `forbidden imports` Into Seperate Rules (#186)
feature-sliced/steiger: packages/steiger-plugin-fsd/src/no-cross-imports/README.md

# `no-cross-imports`

> This rule forbids cross-imports between slices on the same layer. This is in accordance to the slice isolation principle in Feature-Sliced Design:

Reviewer: issue: this might be a little confusing because this is not the terminology used in the documentation

suggestion: let's use "the import rule on layers" instead
```suggestion
This rule forbids cross-imports between slices on the same layer. This is in accordance to the import rule on layers:
```

> A module in a slice can only import other slices when they are located on layers strictly below.
>
> https://feature-sliced.design/docs/reference/layers#import-rule-on-layers

Example of a project structure that passes this rule (arrows signify imports):

```mermaid
flowchart BT
  subgraph entities
    subgraph entities/user[user]
      subgraph entities/user/ui[ui]
        entities/user/ui/UserAvatar.tsx[UserAvatar.tsx]
      end
      entities/user/index.ts[index.ts]
    end
    subgraph entities/product[product]
      subgraph entities/product/ui[ui]
        entities/product/ui/ProductCard.tsx[ProductCard.tsx]
      end
      entities/product/index.ts[index.ts]
    end
  end

  subgraph shared
    subgraph shared/ui[ui]
      shared/ui/index.ts[index.ts]
    end
  end

  entities/user/ui/UserAvatar.tsx --> shared/ui/index.ts
  entities/product/ui/ProductCard.tsx --> shared/ui/index.ts
```

```mermaid
flowchart BT
  subgraph entities
    subgraph entities/user[user]

>       subgraph entities/user/@x[@x]

Reviewer: issue: `@` is not a valid symbol in a Mermaid diagram node name, which causes an error on GitHub preview

suggestion: use `at-` as a prefix to overcome this limitation. The label written in square brackets can still use `@`:
```suggestion
      subgraph entities/user/at-x[@x]
```
